During college I was passionate about several subjects so I wanted to learn more about all the aspects presented in the course, I became a graduate teaching assistant for students from younger years. This involved supporting laboratory hours, contributing to infrastructure, developing support materials within the laboratory or course. I contributed to three subjects: Computer programming, Introduction to computer organization and Assembly Language and Local Area Networks, Object-Oriented Programming. 

## Computer programming 

For this course, I held the laboratory with 1st-year students for this course, where I taught them general programming things using the C programming language. The main topics covered were: instructions, functions, pointers, structures, dynamic allocation, IO instructions. You can check here how the laboratory is structured. 

## Introduction to computer organization and Assembly Language 

I helped with the infrastructure, reviewed parts of the labs, and helped create and correct homework for students. We have a git repository with all this information. 

## Local area networks

I developed tests for students about information presented in courses for assessment and knowledge fixation. I also participated in laboratory classes to help them better understand the subject. Some of the materials can be found here. 

## Object-Oriented Programming 

For this course, I held the laboratory with 2nd-year students, where I taught them general object-oriented principles using Java programming language. The main topics covered were: classes, inheritance, exceptions, design patterns, dynamic linking, IO instructions. Also, I developed Homeworks for them where they should have use Swing for the graphics interface. You can check here how the laboratory is structured. 